two major concerns of the
women about cellulite are how
prevent its development and of course
how to eliminate it the harsh reality is that
once cellulite has appeared
in the body is very difficult to
eliminate the point there is no cure
miraculous to end cellulite
but physical activity a diet
healthy and the regular application of
dunkin cellulite creams like matt form
mediterrània help to prevent
slow down your development and
make it less visible let's start
with two important tips that
you should integrate in your daily life 1
before breakfast the first thing
you should do is take a glass of water
hot with lemon the hot water and the
lemon will help detoxify the body
and prepare it for the stress of the day
point 2 during the day
you should force yourself to drink at least two
liters of water to eliminate toxins
stored in the fatty tissues of the
Body point includes fruits and vegetables
in your daily routine as they stimulate the
blood circulation and health
nutritional and not only will you feel better
but it will also prevent
cellulite action so more
aggressive below you will find a
list of fruits and vegetables that will help
to combat the expansion of cellulite
and keep you healthy point fruits and
vegetables rich in antioxidants the
toxins that usually accumulate in the skin
reduce the elasticity of the skin and the
restriction of blood circulation
in the capillaries according to many studies
the berries like blueberries currants
Black raspberries and strawberries are rich in
antioxidants so they are important
in the fight against the compounds of the
toxins point the apples the grapes
reds and cherries are also a
good alternative in case you are
allergic to berries vegetables like
kale spinach broccoli beet
red peppers onion corn eggplant and
carrots are also rich in
antioxidants fruits and vegetables that
stimulate blood pressure a flow
healthy blood towards the vessels
smaller blood feeds
skin cells with nutrients and
eliminates the toxins that are responsible
of the accumulated
of cellulite in general citrus fruits
and also the banana and mango have
a high level of vitamin C
bioflavonoids of the oranges help
blood flow and strengthen
capillary walls watermelons are rich
in lycopene that helps prevent
accumulation of plaque a substance that
may hinder blood flow in
the arteries the pumpkin seeds
are a great source of vitamin and that
helps reduce the viscosity of the
blood walnuts contain fine niall
which mainly gives impetus to
blood and prevents circulation problems
finally a good dose of garlic can
help prevent the accumulation of
plaque in the bloodstream and in
some cases actively reduce it
point eliminate fluid retention
fruits and vegetables are essential
to solve the problems of
water retention since its composition
special helps you filter liquids
through body tissue one
excessive accumulation of fluid inside
of the layers of fat offers a
ideal condition
the rapid growth of cellulite
point includes fruits like mango
melons strawberries apples and bananas in
your habits at the time of snack
every day and mix celery pumpkin cucumber and
Asparagus to your tasty salads
fruits and vegetables rich in lecithin
lecithin reduces our bad cholesterol
and triglycerides and favors the
blood circulation and to the skin in
general is a perfect ally against
cellulite eat many oranges grapefruit
and apples will help you improve the
appearance of your skin the next time
are you watching a movie at home
substitute popcorn for a dish
vegetable spinach cauliflower carrot
tomato and red pepper
and guacamole made from avocados is a
very healthy and rich accompaniment
lecithin gets a natural collagen and
healthy pineapple and papaya have
proved to be more effective for the
skin elasticity include pineapple and you
breakfast every morning means a dose
of collagen in the most natural way
papain is a substance present in the
papaya that repairs skin tissues
a good dose of papaya in your diet will
help maintain the elasticity of the
skin the carrots not only repair the
damaged tissue of your skin but that
they also improve skin tone
with these healthy fruits and vegetables in your
daily diet you will benefit from a
natural impulse that will not only keep your
healthy body but it will also eliminate
the rapid spread of cellulite